{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f43\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f45\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f46\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f47\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f48\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f49\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f50\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f62\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f66\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f67\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f68\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f69\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f70\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid303444902\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23
\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af0\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0
\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693
\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}
\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760
\jclisttab\tx5760\lin5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480\lin6480 }
{\listname ;}\listid280460240}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid280460240\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid131815\rsid132230\rsid336067\rsid867012\rsid869344\rsid933033\rsid1003550\rsid1120861\rsid1251833\rsid1586437\rsid1640088
\rsid1774437\rsid2061444\rsid2239282\rsid2497033\rsid2505639\rsid2769039\rsid2914097\rsid3427615\rsid3539513\rsid3673874\rsid4093164\rsid4225460\rsid4286909\rsid4662059\rsid4859799\rsid4931645\rsid5058362\rsid5205681\rsid6362595\rsid6365760\rsid6506473
\rsid6774342\rsid6900214\rsid7014897\rsid7029064\rsid7282639\rsid8129656\rsid8212946\rsid8268567\rsid8326818\rsid8327602\rsid8808122\rsid8921331\rsid9376799\rsid9525753\rsid10824716\rsid10893306\rsid11015604\rsid11207849\rsid11230767\rsid11295133
\rsid11345973\rsid11355659\rsid11607461\rsid11688565\rsid11954770\rsid12477933\rsid12549337\rsid12605683\rsid13243085\rsid13653311\rsid13713303\rsid14026467\rsid14100277\rsid14373483\rsid14492907\rsid14633518\rsid14640448\rsid14687090\rsid14900526
\rsid15078048\rsid15285024\rsid15539626\rsid15880938\rsid16323726}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\title Richard Anderson}{\author Richard Anderson}{\operator Richard Anderson}{\creatim\yr2005\mo6\dy30\hr13\min43}
{\revtim\yr2005\mo7\dy6\hr9\min51}{\version4}{\edmins55}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords722}{\nofchars4117}{\*\company UW CSE}{\nofcharsws4830}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot14900526 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7282639 Richard Anderson}{\insrsid10824716 
\par }{\insrsid7282639 June 30, 2005.}{\insrsid2239282   (Updated July 6, 2005)}{\insrsid7282639 
\par Software Process Notes
\par }{\insrsid13653311 
\par }{\b\insrsid13653311\charrsid13653311 Software Process
\par }{\insrsid13653311 Our goal is to develop high quality software with a small team.  Specifica
lly, we want to rewrite Classroom Presenter 2.0 in order to make an expandable platform that we and others can build on top of to explore how to take advantage of technology in the classroom.  Although we should be proud of CP 2.0 \endash 
 it does suffer from a common software disease of undisciplined growth and has reached a ungainly middle age.  Our process (or lack there of), clearly contributed to it\rquote s current state.  For CP 3.0, we will pay more attention to process \endash 
 but we will not become overly formal.  We
 will attempt to balance the benefits documenting and planning our activities with the goal of avoiding unnecessary overhead.  We do not want to concentrate on either process or tools at the expense of not making progress on developing software.
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid13653311 Activity R}{\b\insrsid13653311\charrsid13653311 eports}{\b\insrsid13653311 
\par }{\insrsid1774437 Status reports are important for keeping the team informed of progress, reflecting on what has been done, planning for on going work, and communicating with \'93management\'94
.  Status reports will be done by all team member on a weekly basis \endash  reports should be uploaded to the SVN site on Friday afternoon.}{\insrsid13653311 
\par }{\insrsid1774437 
\par Reports should be about a page long, identifying key things done over the week and giving a list of goals for the next week.  Goals should be specific, in order to make it possible to assess whether or not they have been met.}{
\insrsid1774437\charrsid13653311 
\par }{\b\insrsid13653311 
\par Meetings
\par }{\insrsid1774437 We will have a weekly team meeting \endash  currently scheduled for Wednesday afternoon at 3:00pm.  Meetings are to bring everyone up to date on progress of the team, with an agenda for the meeting planned in advance.  Meetings should }{
\i\insrsid1774437\charrsid1774437 not}{\insrsid1774437  go on longer than necessary \endash  we all have other work to do.
\par 
\par In addition to regular meetings, we should plan on some external team building activities \endash  for example, two summers ago we took of a}{\insrsid14100277  day for a hike in the Cascades.  Maybe we should 
plan on doing this again, as well as a team dinner when 2.0 is finally shipped.}{\insrsid1774437\charrsid1774437 
\par }{\b\insrsid13653311 
\par Version Control
\par }{\insrsid11355659 We will use Subversion for source control.  Documents and Code will be kept under source control.}{\insrsid13653311 
\par }{\insrsid6506473 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6506473 {\insrsid6506473 1) Subversion uses global revision numbers to uniquely identify the state of the entire repository after each commit.  Note that a single 
commit/revision can contain changes to multiple files.
\par 
\par To the best of our ability, every revision should represent a 100% functional code base.  (If you know your changes are going to break something, create a branch first -- ask me for info.)  For this to be 
possible, whenever you make a set of interdependent changes spanning multiple source files, PLEASE remember to check them all in 
\par simultaneously as one revision, so people checking out the latest revision or browsing the history don't get stuck with only half of your changes and a broken working copy.  Conversely, commit logically 
separate sets of changes as separate revisions to make it easier to undo them if necessary in the future.
\par 
\par (2) Provide a usable log message for every commit.  If the commit is for a Bugzilla bug, provide AT LEAST the bug number and the bug's summary in the log message to make it easier to browse the repository's history later.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid13653311 Bug Tracking
\par }{\insrsid6506473 Bug tracking will be done with Bugzilla.  For CP 3.0, we will differentiate between Bugs and Issues.  A bug is a reproducible defect where the code behavior differs from the specification.  [Of course \endash  we 
will take a broad view of the specification \endash  there is a lot that is implicit in the spec \endash  such as the operation of individual features and the fact that the application compiles and doesn\rquote t throw exceptions that we didn\rquote 
t write down].  Defects corresponding to missing features, problems that can\rquote t be reproduced, and short comings of the specification all fall into the Issues category.  All issues identified in CP 3.0 should be put into Bugzilla.   
There are separate categories for Tasks in Bugzilla \endash  we will use these IF they turn out be useful.   We will need to clarify our procedures for bug check in, assignment, and review.}{\insrsid12477933 
\par }{\insrsid6506473 
\par }{\insrsid2239282 Bug reports should contain the following \endash  a clear, descriptive title, and a description of the problem and the repro steps.  The steps required to reproduce the bug should be given in the bug report.}{\insrsid6506473 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid6506473 
\par }{\b\insrsid12477933 Coding Standards
\par }{\insrsid12477933 Our goal is to produce decent quality software that is readable and extendable, so care must be taken during writing and revising code.  We will not have extensive guidelines for our coding \endash  but 
since we have the luxury of starting with an empty project, we can specify a few details and stick to them.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\insrsid12477933 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid12477933 {\insrsid12477933 
Braces go on the same line as the construct \endash  set this option in tools->options->text editor.  (The strong reason for specifying this one way or another is so that auto reformat doesn\rquote t create a tremendous number of false diffs.)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11355659 {\insrsid12477933 
\par }{\insrsid11355659 
\par }{\insrsid11355659\charrsid12477933 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid13653311\charrsid13653311 
\par }{\insrsid7282639 
\par 
\par }}